oh woe is me for I am like those who
oh woe is me for I am like those who gather summer fruits like those who
gather summer fruits like those who
gather summer fruits like those who glean vintage grapes there is no cluster
glean vintage grapes there is no cluster
glean vintage grapes there is no cluster to eat of the first ripe fruit which my
to eat of the first ripe fruit which my
to eat of the first ripe fruit which my soul desires the faithful man has
soul desires the faithful man has
soul desires the faithful man has perished from the earth and there is no
perished from the earth and there is no
perished from the earth and there is no one upright among men they all lie in
one upright among men they all lie in
one upright among men they all lie in wait for blood every man hunts his
wait for blood every man hunts his
wait for blood every man hunts his brother with a net that they may
brother with a net that they may
brother with a net that they may successfully do evil with both hands the
successfully do evil with both hands the
successfully do evil with both hands the Prince asks for gifts the judge seeks a
Prince asks for gifts the judge seeks a
Prince asks for gifts the judge seeks a bribe and the great man uh ters his evil
bribe and the great man uh ters his evil
bribe and the great man uh ters his evil desire so they schemed together the best
desire so they schemed together the best
desire so they schemed together the best of them is like a Brier the most upright
of them is like a Brier the most upright
of them is like a Brier the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge the day of
is sharper than a thorn hedge the day of
is sharper than a thorn hedge the day of your Watchmen and your punishment comes
your Watchmen and your punishment comes
your Watchmen and your punishment comes now shall be their perplexity do not
now shall be their perplexity do not
now shall be their perplexity do not trust in a friend do not put your
trust in a friend do not put your
trust in a friend do not put your confidence in a companion guard the
confidence in a companion guard the
confidence in a companion guard the doors of your mouth from her who lies in
doors of your mouth from her who lies in
doors of your mouth from her who lies in your bosom for Sun dishonours father
your bosom for Sun dishonours father
your bosom for Sun dishonours father daughter rises against her mother
daughter rises against her mother
daughter rises against her mother daughter-in-law against her
daughter-in-law against her
daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law a man's enemies are the
mother-in-law a man's enemies are the
mother-in-law a man's enemies are the men of his own household therefore I
men of his own household therefore I
men of his own household therefore I will look to the Lord I will wait for
will look to the Lord I will wait for
will look to the Lord I will wait for the God of my salvation
the God of my salvation
the God of my salvation my God will hear me do not rejoice over
my God will hear me do not rejoice over
my God will hear me do not rejoice over me my enemy when I fall I will arise
me my enemy when I fall I will arise
me my enemy when I fall I will arise when I sit in darkness the Lord will be
when I sit in darkness the Lord will be
when I sit in darkness the Lord will be a light to me I will bear the
a light to me I will bear the
a light to me I will bear the indignation of the Lord because I have
indignation of the Lord because I have
indignation of the Lord because I have sinned against him
sinned against him
sinned against him until he pleads my case and executes
until he pleads my case and executes
until he pleads my case and executes justice for me he will bring me forth to
justice for me he will bring me forth to
justice for me he will bring me forth to the light I will see his righteousness
the light I will see his righteousness
the light I will see his righteousness then she who is my enemy will see and
then she who is my enemy will see and
then she who is my enemy will see and shame will cover her who said to me
shame will cover her who said to me
shame will cover her who said to me where is the Lord your God my eyes will
where is the Lord your God my eyes will
where is the Lord your God my eyes will see her now she will be trampled down
see her now she will be trampled down
see her now she will be trampled down like mud in the streets in the day when
like mud in the streets in the day when
like mud in the streets in the day when your walls are to be built in that day
your walls are to be built in that day
your walls are to be built in that day the decree shall go far and wide in that
the decree shall go far and wide in that
the decree shall go far and wide in that day they shall come to you from Assyria
day they shall come to you from Assyria
day they shall come to you from Assyria and the fortified cities from the
and the fortified cities from the
and the fortified cities from the fortress to the river from sea to sea
fortress to the river from sea to sea
fortress to the river from sea to sea and mountain to mountain yet the land
and mountain to mountain yet the land
and mountain to mountain yet the land shall be desolate because of those who
shall be desolate because of those who
shall be desolate because of those who dwell in it and for the fruit of their
dwell in it and for the fruit of their
dwell in it and for the fruit of their deeds
deeds
deeds Shepherd your people with your staff the
Shepherd your people with your staff the
Shepherd your people with your staff the flock of your heritage who dwells
flock of your heritage who dwells
flock of your heritage who dwells solitarily in a woodland in the midst of
solitarily in a woodland in the midst of
solitarily in a woodland in the midst of Carmel let them feed in Batian and
Carmel let them feed in Batian and
Carmel let them feed in Batian and Gilead as in days of old as in the days
Gilead as in days of old as in the days
Gilead as in days of old as in the days when you came out of the land of
when you came out of the land of
when you came out of the land of I will show them wonders the nation
I will show them wonders the nation
I will show them wonders the nation shall see and be ashamed of all their
shall see and be ashamed of all their
shall see and be ashamed of all their might they shall put their hand over
might they shall put their hand over
might they shall put their hand over their mouth their ears shall be deaf
their mouth their ears shall be deaf
their mouth their ears shall be deaf they shall lick the dust like a serpent
they shall lick the dust like a serpent
they shall lick the dust like a serpent they shall crawl from their holes like
they shall crawl from their holes like
they shall crawl from their holes like snakes of the earth they shall be afraid
snakes of the earth they shall be afraid
snakes of the earth they shall be afraid of the Lord our God and shall fear
of the Lord our God and shall fear
of the Lord our God and shall fear because of you who is a God like you
because of you who is a God like you
because of you who is a God like you pardoning iniquity and passing over the
pardoning iniquity and passing over the
pardoning iniquity and passing over the transgression of the remnant of his
transgression of the remnant of his
transgression of the remnant of his heritage he does not retain his anger
heritage he does not retain his anger
heritage he does not retain his anger forever because he delights in mercy he
forever because he delights in mercy he
forever because he delights in mercy he will again have compassion on us and
will again have compassion on us and
will again have compassion on us and will subdue our iniquities
will subdue our iniquities
will subdue our iniquities you will cast all our sins into the
you will cast all our sins into the
you will cast all our sins into the depths of the sea
depths of the sea
depths of the sea you will give truth to Jacob and mercy
you will give truth to Jacob and mercy
you will give truth to Jacob and mercy to Abraham which you have sworn to our
to Abraham which you have sworn to our
to Abraham which you have sworn to our fathers from days of old